
        COMPANIES ACT 2006
        
        Section 1: Company Formation
        
        (1) A company may be formed under this Act for any lawful purpose.
        
        (2) A company is formed when it is registered under this Act.
        
        Section 2: Types of Companies
        
        (1) A company may be either:
            (a) a private company, or
            (b) a public company.
        
        (2) A private company is a company that is not a public company.
        
        Section 3: Limited Liability
        
        (1) The liability of a company's members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares respectively held by them.
        
        (2) This section applies to companies limited by shares.
        
        Section 4: Directors' Duties
        
        (1) A director of a company must act in the way he considers, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole.
        
        (2) In doing so, a director must have regard to:
            (a) the likely consequences of any decision in the long term,
            (b) the interests of the company's employees,
            (c) the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others,
            (d) the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment,
            (e) the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct.
        
        Section 5: Shareholders' Rights
        
        (1) Every member of a company has the right to:
            (a) receive notice of general meetings,
            (b) attend and speak at general meetings,
            (c) vote on resolutions at general meetings.
        
        (2) The rights of shareholders are set out in the company's articles of association.
        
        DEFINITIONS:
        
        "company" means a company formed and registered under this Act;
        "director" means any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called;
        "member" means a person who has agreed to become a member of a company and whose name is entered in its register of members;
        "shareholder" means a member of a company who holds shares in the company.
        